Poor ghosts also come to play PK
Don't you look at how many people are in the live stream?
Zhang Shao
The number of people in the live stream has already exceeded 100,000
These days, cats and dogs dare to provoke the Zhang family
You don't pee and take a picture of what you are
Yueye
You kneel down and call grandpa now
I might be merciful and let you go
Let's get started
No tears when you see the coffin
Thank you Mr. Li for sending 10 rockets
Thank you Mr. Zhang for sending 20 planes
Ah, thank you Mr. Li for sending 50 supercars.
Thank you Mr. Li
Hahaha
Leaf rock
Or forget it, the Fire Dragon Society is all over the place
More than in the clouds
This guy has enough saliva to drown you
I also remind you
My friends are not only ignorant of the world
Even if Tianwang Lao Tzu comes today, he can't save it
What are you thinking?
That's what happened last time.
Don't slap yourself in the face
Right?
As aware of current affairs as your Wang family
They don't.
Don't worry, as long as you are obedient.
I will definitely solve my beauty in front of Zhang Jie
As for this trash
He offended Zhang Jie
Do you think he can still be popular?
The account has been charged 90 million points
That's at least 500 million
Do I still have money in my personal account, miss?
The master has long frozen your personal account
As for bank card sales
A billion will take 7 days to arrive.
Am I really going to marry the Jiang family?
Leaf rock
Welcome to the live stream below.
xianjia